Add implementation of find command in developer guide (#114)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W16-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**Aspect: Excluding b/ (Bill) in the `edit` command**
* As the `bill` command allows us to add and subtract to the bill directly, the edit command is redundant and may cause user error if they were to replace it by accident.

### Find feature

#### Implementation:

> * The `find` command takes in multiple keywords separated by spaces, and find all guests whose `Name` contain any of the keywords. The keywords are case-insensitive as well, meaning typing 'Alice' is akin to typing 'aLiCE'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `find` command takes in multiple keywords separated by spaces, and find all guests whose `Name` contain any of the keywords. The keywords are case-insensitive as well, meaning typing 'Alice' is the same/similar to typing 'aLiCE'.
```
akin -> the same/similar
sometimes people may not grasp mean of slang

The following activity diagram summarizes what happens when a user enters a `find` command.

![FindActivityDiagram](images/FindActivityDiagram.png)

#### Design Considerations:

**Aspect: Allowing searching only through `Name` field**
* As the hotel manager would usually search by the Guest's name, it would be appropriate enough to search by the Guest's name. However, we do not rule out the possibility that the hotel manager might want to search by other fields as well. Hence, there could be another implementation, further elaborated on in the `Proposed` section below.

**Aspect: Only matching full keywords**

> * The `find` command only matches full keywords. For example, typing in 'ali' would not match a Guest named 'Alice'. As we do not want to display possible redundant data to the hotel manager, we decided to limit the `find` command to only full keywords, so that the results displayed are more targeted.

Reviewer: Good!
